hello dear to brisk today there is this
small round treats we
kickboxing there are many many
recipes and there are also two
fundamentally different preparation
two years, it's cold
cooked only the hot cake
pops
we start today hot variant with
a very simple recipe and become
us in the next few weeks then one
increase a bit
we need more for today's recipe
baking powder salt butter sugar
vanilla sugar eggs and milk and later
on various ingredients to decorate yet
We'll adapt to that when the time comes
is
So we need to bake ourselves
either the corresponding baking sheets
or such machines here and there
the price not too far apart
So I have here for the cache
pop maker decided
with that on a swing twelve of these
can bake delicious little things
the dough will be ready for
About 50 to 60 kickbox in a bowl
we give 120 g soft butter and 225
all that sugar will be around now
nice bright and grim with the mixer
now stir the vanilla sugar
and the eggs added
just a pinch of salt teaspoon
baking powder and it brings nothing for
to want to be generous
otherwise likes to go 190 camel was still
add and speak freely, I decide
even have the recipe with helmet
wheat flour with wheat perfectly and with
Dinkel perfect test everything has
works wonderfully
and now two 125 milliliters of milk
and everything will be nice again
shaky dough shorts yes so looks
great
After the device has been ordered
preheated we now fill the dough
a so conwert with a
make a pouch or with one
spoon I decide for the
spoon largest part for each time
is relatively large teaspoon and it will
So filled almost to the top edge
Baking time is then between three
and five minutes so I have the
experience is really about
four minutes is optimal to do so
time has gone by as fast as four
minutes are over we open
will do the test and it will stay
no time to hang
so now you can say so
Here's a small bell-a
take another virtual in these
out and set them up
then cool it down later
to be able to decorate and if the times
a bit darker then let us
a little bit in there so finder again
Next charge and repeat the whole
play until the dough is all we have
So the preliminary result and after
the cake pops are cool they will
still integrate with cake for example
Clerk dark or man
with hazelnut known with food color
and perhaps one or the other so
thinks the dark look have klausur
I made myself liquid in the microwave
and now the cake pops become so
is coated whether in the decoration
done cake
on a flat plate or as here
in such a hurts does that
legally so completely and so on
part of it comes now almondkow
can it, I have the only klausur
packagings
We are now looking after them
other half of the kickbox i like this one
klausur much he tastes a
a bit after marzipan and here too
let's go back to the po can hit
less and now the glaze off
dry in the west
so now we come to one
Creative part and still do all
would have to be around
like that and maybe always transforms
a little more money
maybe make a little one
color combination
But creativity should not be limited
set
they look pretty delicious too
and gas cake pops would then have to be natural
still on the mirror
In the case is a colorful delicious ostrich
cake pops ob birthday valentine's day
or just come in between
always good at decorating this year
Imagine a lot of fun after that
do it and see you next time
bye